GOO ENGINE

SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

The terms and conditions of this Software License Agreement (this “License
Agreement”) govern your use of the accompanying Goo Engine software (the
“Engine”) and constitute a binding legal contract between you and Goo
Technologies AB (“Goo”).  Your download, installation or use of the Engine
constitutes acceptance of this License Agreement.  If you do not agree to any
part of this License Agreement, then you may not use the Engine and must
delete all copies of the Engine in your possession or control.

If you are accepting the terms of this Agreement on behalf of a legal entity,
you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that legal
entity to the terms of this License Agreement, and, in such event, “you” and
“your” will refer to that legal entity.  If you do not have such authority,
you must not accept this License Agreement, in which case you may not download
or use the Engine.

1. Subject to all terms and conditions of this License Agreement, Goo hereby
grants you a limited. nonexclusive, nontransferable license (without right to
sublicense) to: (i) install and use the object code version of the Engine
internally for the sole purpose of developing either (x) a web-based
electronic game or other software application that is made available by you or
on your behalf on a hosted basis and is accessible and usable entirely within
third-party web browser software or (y) an electronic game or other software
application consisting of a packaged HTML5 executable that is distributed via
Internet download by you or on your behalf (either of the foregoing, an
“Application”); and (ii) incorporate the Engine, solely in object code form,
within your Application as part of your deployment of your Application. The
foregoing license grant does not authorize use of the Engine in connection
with any Application that is used for the development of other software
applications of any kind or that would otherwise be competitive with Goo
Create, and you agree not to make any such use of the Engine.

2. Subject to all terms and conditions of this License Agreement, Goo hereby
grants you, a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable license to internally use
any documentation provided by Goo regarding the Engine (“Documentation”) as
reasonably necessary for your authorized use of the Engine.  You may make a
reasonable number of copies of the Documentation in connection with exercising
the foregoing license.  Without limiting any other terms and conditions of
this License Agreement, you may not transfer or provide the Documentation to
any third party.

3. You have no rights or licenses with respect to the Engine or Documentation
except as expressly provided in this License Agreement.  Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, you may not, except to the extent expressly
provided for in Sections 1 and 2 above: (a) copy, distribute, rent, lease,
lend, sublicense or transfer the Engine or Documentation or use the Engine or
Documentation on a service bureau basis; (b) decompile, reverse engineer, or
disassemble the Engine or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the
Engine, except solely to the extent such acts are authorized under applicable
law notwithstanding this prohibition; (c) create derivative works based on the
Engine or Documentation; (d) modify, remove, or obscure any copyright,
trademark, patent or other notices or legends that may appear on the Engine or
Documentation or during the use and operation thereof; (e) cause the Engine to
become subject to the terms of any open source license agreement.  You are not
required to provide any ideas, feedback or suggestions regarding the Engine
(collectively, “Feedback”) to Goo.  To the extent you do provide any Feedback
to Goo, you agree to assign and hereby do assign all right, title and interest
in and to such Feedback to Goo and acknowledge that Goo may freely use,
reproduce, modify, distribute, make, have made, sell, offer for sale, import
and otherwise exploit in any manner such Feedback without payment of any
royalties or other consideration to you.

4. For the avoidance of doubt, you may not directly or indirectly utilize the
Engine as an embedded component of any device or system.  The Engine is
licensed solely for use in the development and deployment of Applications as
set forth in Section 1.  If you wish to request a license for any other
purpose, please contact Goo at legal@gootechnologies.com.

5. You may only make your Application available under terms and conditions
that: (i) do not conflict with any provision of this License Agreement or
Goo’s rights in and to the Engine; (ii) are not materially less protective of
the Engine and Goo’s rights therein and thereto than the provisions of this
License Agreement; (iii) do not make any representations, warranties or
covenants regarding the Engine or on behalf of Goo; (iv) state that the
Application incorporates the Engine and that Goo owns all copyright and other
intellectual property rights in and to the Engine; (v) disclaim warranties on
behalf of Goo and limit Goo’s liability to at least the same extent as Section
9 and 10 below; and (vi) are presented to and accepted by the Application end
user in a manner sufficient to create a binding legal agreement under
applicable law.

6. The Engine and Documentation are licensed, not sold.  The Engine and
Documentation provided hereunder are the property of Goo or its third-party
licensors.  Goo shall retain all right, title and ownership interest and all
worldwide patent, copyright, trade secret, trademark and other intellectual
property rights and other proprietary rights in and to the Engine and
Documentation and any copies, derivative works, upgrades, updates,
improvements and modifications thereof, in, regardless of the form or media in
which, or on which, the original and any other copies, derivative works,
upgrades, updates, improvements or modifications may exist.

7. If you breach any provision of this License Agreement, this License
Agreement (including all of your rights and licenses with respect to the
Engine and Documentation) shall immediately terminate without further notice
from or action by Goo.  Upon termination or expiration of this License
Agreement, you agree to cease all use of the Engine and Documentation
(including by removing it from your Applications) and to delete all copies
thereof in your possession or control.  The provisions of Sections 3, 4, 5, 6,
9 through 18 and this Section 7 shall survive any termination or expiration of
this Agreement according to their terms.

8. You agree that Goo may state in the public domain that you are a user of
the Engine, and may include references to and screenshots of your Applications
in Goo’s marketing and publicity materials.

9. THE ENGINE AND DOCUMENTATION ARE FURNISHED “AS IS”.  GOO MAKES NO
WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WITH RESPECT TO THE ENGINE AND THE
DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THEIR QUALITY, PERFORMANCE,
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE
ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE ENGINE AND DOCUMENTATION
IS WITH YOU.  GOO HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE ANY SUPPORT OR ASSISTANCE
RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THE ENGINE.

10. IN NO EVENT SHALL GOO BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT OR
YOUR USE OF THE ENGINE, EVEN IF GOO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH POTENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGE AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY.  IN
NO EVENT SHALL GOO’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU IN RELATION TO THIS LICENSE
AGREEMENT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS.  THE PARTIES STIPULATE THAT THE
FOREGOING EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS ON DAMAGES ARE REASONABLE UNDER THE
CIRCUMSTANCES AND THAT WITHOUT SUCH EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS GOO WOULD NOT
MAKE AVAILABLE THE ENGINE WITHOUT CHARGE.  THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF
LIABILITY AND EXCLUSIONS OF CERTAIN DAMAGES SHALL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE
EXISTENCE OF MULTIPLE CLAIMS OR THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, AND REGARDLESS OF THE
SUCCESS OR EFFECTIVENESS OF OTHER REMEDIES.

11. You agree to indemnify and hold Goo and its affiliated companies, and each
of their directors, officers, employees, contractors, suppliers and partners,
harmless from any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses,
including attorney’s fees, arising out of or relating to your use or misuse of
the Engine (including without limitation your publication of any Application),
breach of this Agreement or violation of the rights of any other person or
entity, except solely to the extent any of the foregoing arise out of the
willful misconduct or gross negligence of Goo.  Goo reserves the right, at its
own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for
which you are required to indemnify the Goo and you agree to cooperate with
Goo’s defense of these claims.

12. To the extent that you are an agency or instrumentality of the U.S.
government, the parties agree that the Engine and Documentation are commercial
computer software and commercial computer software documentation,
respectively, and that your rights therein are as specified in this License,
per FAR 12.212 and DEARS 227.7202-3, as applicable, or in the case of NASA,
subject to NFS 1852.227-86.

13. You may not assign your rights under this License Agreement without the
express prior consent of Goo.  If you are a legal entity, any merger involving
you, acquisition of all or substantially all of your assets or change of
control shall be deemed an assignment of this Agreement for which prior
written consent is required.  Goo may freely assign this Agreement.

14. The Engine may be subject to export laws and regulations.  You agree to
comply with any United States and international export laws and regulations
that may apply.

15. If you are located within the United States of America, this License
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the state of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts
of law.  You agree that any action arising out of or relating to this License
Agreement shall be filed only in the state or federal courts in and for Santa
Clara County, California and you hereby consent and submit to the personal
jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action.

16. If you are located outside of the United States of America, this License
Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
Sweden, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law, and the
parties hereby consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of
Sweden, with the district court of Stockholm (Stockholms Tingsrätt) as first
venue, to resolve any disputes arising out of or relating to this License
Agreement.

17. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Goo may apply to any court of
competent jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable relief.

18. This License Agreement and the User Agreement for Goo Create is the
complete and final agreement of the parties with respect to the Engine and
Documentation.  If any part of this License Agreement is found to be void,
unenforceable or invalid, that part will be deemed stricken and will not
affect the validity of the other provisions.  Failure by Goo to enforce any
provision of this License Agreement will not be deemed a waiver of future
enforcement of that or any other provision.  This License Agreement may be
modified only by an amendment signed by authorized representatives of both
parties or by your electronic acceptance of an amendment or replacement
agreement presented to you by Goo.
